Add logfmt selective label extraction (#6675)
grafana/loki: CHANGELOG.md

## Main/Unreleased

> * [6675](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/6675) **btaani**: Add logfmt expression parser for selective extraction of labels from logfmt formatted logs

Reviewer: could you please move this line to ### Loki ##### Enhancements section

Author: @vlad-diachenko I actually just moved it from there based on @chaudum's request

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the confusion. I'll move it into the correct place. Initially the entry was underneath the 2.7.0 release, see https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/6675/commits/3ad1b9e7c3e704dce155f728ebe8bf612d8912b4

##### Enhancements
* [7436](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/7436) **periklis**: Expose ring and memberlist handlers through internal server listener
* [7227](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/7227) **Red-GV**: Add ability to configure tls minimum version and cipher suites

> * [6675](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/6675) **btaani**: Add logfmt selective label extraction

Reviewer 2: This entry needs to move further up into the `Unreleased` section.

> * [6675](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/6675) **btaani**: Add logfmt selective label extraction

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [6675](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/6675) **btaani**: Add logfmt expression parser for selective extraction of labels from logfmt formatted logs
```
